You have any idea what gorilla warfare is? I do, I was in the US Marine Core and I perfected it. I'm fully capable of using it on you motherfuckers. Do you know the dander your in if I find you? I am 100$ serious. Bunch of god damn newfaf loser here and I will not have it. At least I've had sex, had girlfriends, and gotten laid, and blowjobbed unlike you virgin piece of unpatriotic SHIT. 




You are so visibly upset, that you need to create shitpost on our glorious board in an attempt to raise your self worth.

Come at me you plebian. I am the fucking pinnacle of man, both body and mind. I attend an Ivy league university, completely payed off by scholarships, with the leftover money used to buy myself a luxury vehicle. My grade point average is perfect point O. After I finish my dual bachelors I will be accepted straight away into the doctorate program. I will have two doctorate degree's by age twenty-five, owe zero debts, and make more money a year than you will in a lifetime. The funny thing is, this is the average /a/ browser. There are many who far surpass me.

Of course, knowing this, you figure the only way to attack me is the only way you know how, using words of which the meaning escapes you, insult some genre of game no one on this board plays, and using our own image macros to mock yourself.

You forgot your "My face when" by the way, the text suits you perfectly.

Go ahead and reply, doing so only proves my point to such an extent that you might as well just beg to suck my dick and eat my bodily waste, so that maybe an iota of my greatness could pass onto you.




Go fuck yourself, worthless kid. Whenever something happens you go up to your little ・b/ folder・ pick up UMAD.jpg and post it here, thinking you are the best, laughing behind your screen, flapping these adipous cheeks of yours while your wawa chocolate milk drips all overy your XXXL t-shirt. Fucking pederast. You rotten, disgusting slug, bucephalus leech. I hate you and your entire body smells like feces. Do you have any idea of how long you have been there, sitting on this same chair that because of some unknown miracle managed to withstand your massive weight? You have been there for weeks, months, locked up in your room that smells like Doritos and Wawa milk, jacking off to your Haruhi wallpaper and posting UMAD.jpg・on this fucking imageboard. I don't even know how you manage to type with your thick, greasy fingers, or how you still manage to find your tiny penis among all the fat flaps on your belly and groin area. You pile of shit, bipedal sperm-whale



WHATA FUCK MAN xD i just fall of my chair kuz i couldnt and i CANT stop laugh xDXDXDXDXDDDDDDDDDDDDXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD OMGOSH DDDDDXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD DDDDDD LOOOOOOOOOLLLLL THIS IS A SHIT XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD A BIG ONE XDDDDDDDD A GRAT ONE XXXXXXDDDD CONGRATS MAN XD


The best (and the only tolerable) tripfriend is YOYO, the rest of you are abominations unto nature, seriously, have you ever seen a woman, does your life even have an ultimate goal, does your existence have a purpose, do your parents love you, the answer is no, you worthless, cunt-hating, cockcollecting, turdsniffing, batty crease licking sad sacks, no one likes you, you don't have any friends, that's why you're in these threads, you horrible faux-humans, you don't even deserve to be called humans, you fucking faggot-ass monsters, your kind has no future, if you were kittan, humanity would be extinct, your children will not have the Y-chromosome you bunch of pansy-ass sissies, oh that's right, you won't get any children anyway, you like little girls and argue for hours trying to justify it, fucking bunch of yellow cunt homos, i'd rather adopt an empty beer can than you at your cutest, i'd rather eat canned meatballs than your dick, you fail in life like your father fails at pooping in the toilet, your ass reeks of shit, don't you even know how to wipe it, you disgust me so, you cunt-ass nigger, if i ever meet you in real life i'll snap you in half like a chocolate-chip cookie, i've already puked on my keyboard thrice while writing this, you make middle-aged beergutted frenchmen look sexy, you disgust me, just kill yourself, you disgusting son of a thousand fathers. Sieg YOYO!




You swine. You vulgar little maggot. Don't you know that you are pathetic? You worthless bag of filth. As we say in Texas, I'll bet you couldn't pour piss out of a boot with instructions on the heel. You are a canker. A sore that won't go away. I would rather kiss a lawyer than be seen with you.

You are a fiend and a coward, and you have bad breath. You are degenerate, noxious and depraved. I feel debased just for knowing you exist. I despise everything about you. You are a bloody nardless newbie twit protohominid chromosomally aberrant caricature of a coprophagic cloacal parasitic pond scum and I wish you would go away.

You're a putrescence mass, a walking vomit. You are a spineless little worm deserving nothing but the profoundest contempt. You are a jerk, a cad, a weasel. Your life is a monument to stupidity. You are a stench, a revulsion, a big suck on a sour lemon.

You are a bleating fool, a curdled staggering mutant dwarf smeared richly with the effluvia and offal accompanying your alleged birth into this world. An insensate, blinking calf, meaningful to nobody, abandoned by the puke-drooling, giggling beasts who sired you and then killed themselves in recognition of what they had done.

I will never get over the embarrassment of belonging to the same species as you. You are a monster, an ogre, a malformation. I barf at the very thought of you. You have all the appeal of a paper cut. Lepers avoid you. You are vile, worthless, less than nothing. You are a weed, a fungus, the dregs of this earth. And did I mention you smell?



I don't give a fuck who you are our where you live, you can count on me to be there to bring your life to a hellish end. I'll put you in so much fucking pain It'll make Jesus being nailed to the cross in the desert look like a fucking back massage on a tropical island. I don't give a fuck how tough you are, how well you can fight, or how many fucking guns you own to protect yourself. I'll fucking show up at your house when you aren’t home. I'll turn all the lights on in your house, leave all the water running, open your fridge door and not close it, and turn the gas stove burners on and let them waste gas. You're going to start stressing the fuck out. Your blood pressure will triple and you'll have a fucking heart attack. You'll go to the hospital for a heart operation and the last thing you'll see when they're putting you under in the operating room is me hovering over you dressed as a doctor. When you wake up after the operation you'll be scared for your fucking life wondering what I did to you while you where being operated on and wondering if there is a ticking time bomb in you chest waiting to go off. You'll recover fully from your heart surgery and when you walk out of the front door of the hospital to go home I'll run you over with my fucking car out of nowhere and kill you. I just wanted you to know how easily I could have destroyed your pathetic fucking excuse for a life, but how I would rather go to great fucking length to make sure your last remaining days are spent in a living breathing fucking hell. It's too fucking late to save yourself, but don't bother committing suicide either. I'll fucking resuscitate you and kill you you again my fucking self. Welcome to hell, population: you.






You are so visibly upset, that you need to create shitpost in my glorious thread in an attempt to raise your self worth.
Come at me you plebian. I am the fucking pinnacle of man, both body and mind. I attend an Ivy league university, completely payed off by scholarships, with the leftover money used to buy myself a RX-7FD and a vintage Fairlady S30 Z with a L28 engine combined with twin turbos. My grade point average is perfect point O. After I finish my dual bachelors I will be accepted straight away into the doctorate program. I will have two doctorate degree's by age twenty-five, owe zero debts, and make more money a year than you will in a lifetime. The funny thing is, this is the average tripfag. There are many who far surpass me.
I also reached God of the internet status recently so now I will be mythified to hell and back and future archaeologists will unearth the internet and will think I was some kind of powerful historical figure.
By the way, do you have any idea what gorilla warfare is? I do, I was in the US Marine Core and I perfected it.
If I ever meet you in real life I'll snap you in half like a chocolate-chip cookie.
Go ahead and reply, doing so only proves my point that you are a bleating fool, laughing behind your screen, flapping these adipous cheeks of yours while your wawa chocolate milk drips all overy your XXXL t-shirt. Do you have any idea of how long you have been there, sitting on this same chair that because of some unknown miracle managed to withstand your massive weight? You have been there for weeks, months, locked up in your room that smells like Doritos and Wawa milk.
You are less admirable than an ant. I will never get over the embarrassment of belonging to the same species as you. You might as well just beg to suck my dick and eat my bodily waste, so that maybe an iota of my greatness could pass onto you.





listen you cunt, i cant call you fat but i can definitely call you a cunt because you're being one.

you are a fucking pathetic little faggot bitch, and i want you to come to my house and spew the same bullshit you post in here to my face.

oh wait,i dont need to worry about you coming to my house because you would never do it. youll just continue to sit behind a fucking computer screen and act like fucking mike tyson to every guy you meet, when in reality you are a fat virgin neckbeard loser with cheeto dust in his beard and a pillow with a hole in it that you fuck every night

seriously, its so god damn pathetic to just watch people like you. like, i want to try to be angry at you, but honestly i just want to be your friend out of pity because i know you dont have any besides the friends on your wow account.

you should honestly just draft up a suicide note right now and continue adding to it every day little by little as the failures of your life pile up day after day and you wil finally have an entire book worth of your failures and can finally kill yourself and make your family and online friends happy.

of course, you would probably fuck it up and miss your brain stem so you have to shoot yourself in the head 2-3 times while in agony to go out like a wounded dog, or you will try to mix bleach and ammonia but the room will be a bit too ventilated so you weel literally feel the chlorine gas burning away the lining of your lungs and suffer in horrific, unfathomable agony for 5 minutes as you literally burn and melt from the inside out after you start vomiting up your own lungs and liquefied lung begins pouring out of your nose and you slowly suffocate to death.

fucking hate pretentious cunts.






You think you're funny? Real funny faggot. You think this is a joke?

Yeah making fun of me is so funny, so funny i forgot to laugh. I'm tired of getting dogged on by you faggots all the time whenever I respond to anything or any thread. If you wanna talk like that to me why don't you come here and say it to me face so I can answer your insults with a swift fist to the nose. Yeah you have a lot to say from hundreds of miles away but I bet if my fists were in reach of your face you would be like a TV on mute with no volume button so do yourself a favor and keep your mouth shut unless you want to die. Next time you think about saying something like that to me I want you to remember one thing, I know the guy that created google maps and I can locate you in the time it took me to type this. Don't want anymore problems....didn't think so faggots. You have any idea what gorilla warfare is.? I do, I was in the Army and I perfected it. I'm fully capable of using it on you motherfuckers. Do you know the trouble you're in if I find you? I am 100% serious. Bunch of god damn losers here and I will not have it. At least I've had sex, had girlfriends, and gotten laid, and blowjobbed unlike you virgin pieces of worthless wastes of sperm.


Don't say another Goddamn word. Up until now, I've been polite. If you say ANYTHING else - ONE word - I will kill myself. And when my tainted spirit finds its destination, I will topple the Master of that dark place. From my black throne, I will lash together a machine of bone and blood, and fueled by my hatred for you this Fear Engine will bore a hole between this world and that one. When it begins, you will hear the sound of children screaming -as though from a great distance. A smoking orb of NOTHING will grow above your bed, and from it will emerge a thousand starving crows. As I slip through the widening maw in my new form, you will catch only a glimpse of my radiance before you are incinerated. Then, as tears of bubbling pitch stream down my face, my dark world will begin. I will open one of my six mouths, and I will sing the song that ends the Earth.


I FUCKING WISH YOU WERE 18 MOTHERFUCKING PUSSY ID COME TO YOUR HOUSE RIGHT NOW AND FUCKING BEAT YOUR ASS. I SWEAR TO FUCKING GOD. I GUARANTEE YOU WOULDNT STEP FOOT OUT OF YOUR HOUSE. YOU ARE A FUCKING LONG HAIRED, NO LIFE, PATHETIC, CANT EVEN LOOK SOMEONE IN THE EYES WHEN THEYRE TALKING TO YOU, BITCH. THAT SHOWS YOU HAVE NO BALLS. YET YOU THINK YOU CAN BEAT MY ASS, I DONT THINK IM A GREAT FIGHTER, BUT I GUARANTEE IVE BEEN IN MORE FIGHTS THAN YOU AND I WOULDNT HAVE TO TRY TO KICK THE FUCKING SHIT OUT OF YOU. ALSO HAVE FUN FUCKING THAT FAT UGLY BITCH, WHATS HER NAME JESS, SHES FUCKIN HIDIOUS. NOW I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU, BECAUSE I WILL PISS YOU OFF ENOUGH TO HIT ME, THAN I WILL BEAT THE FUCKING SHIT OUT OF YOU, AND KICK YOU WHEN YOUR DOWN. DONT THINK BECAUSE YOUR TALL PEOPLE WILL BE SCARED OF YOU, SIZE MEANS NOTHING IN A FIGHT, ITS EXPERIENCE. ID SAY YOUR BEST BET IS GOING FOR MY BALLS, LIKE THE LITTLE BITCH THAT YOU ARE, AND BRING A KNIFE, THAN YOU HAVE A CHANCE. YOU CAN ALSO BRING A FRIEND AND ILL KICK BOTH YOUR ASSES AT THE SAME TIME. WOULDNT BE THE FIRST TIME. IM NOT TRYING TO BE TOUGH, I WOULDNT HAVE SAID SHIT, BUT TO SAY SHES DISGUSTING, IS A JOKE WHEN YOU STICK YOUR DICK IN A COMPLETELY HIDEOUS FAT BITCH. I DONT TALK SHIT, I WILL BITCH YOU OUT WHEN I SEE YOU AND YOU WONT DO A FUCKING THING, WHITE TRASH



Oh for fuck sake, you faggots are back again.
I thought I told you stupid retards to leave? Why haven't you? Do you WANT FGG to turn to shit? This is EXACTLY what you're doing right now and I'm honestly pretty fucking sick of this shit. Get a fucking job and stop shitting up this place. It's bad enough as it is without you stupid morons discussing something that is clearly not fighting games. This is a fighting game general you see, what you're posting is /b/ related. Guess what? /b/ actually exists! How about you go there before I report every single one of you fucking douche bags. Oh wait, too late. Reported all of you for blatant lack of fighting discussion in a FGG. Just fuck off. Stop being such huge pathetic losers and fuck off for once. Nobody wants this shit on here. All you're doing is piling on more shit on the shitwagon that is FGG. And before you say BUT FGG IS NEVER FIGHTAN RELATED ANYWAY HURP DURP, you need to fucking realize that you're making it worse. If you don't want FGG to suck balls then stop what you're doing RIGHT now. All I feel like doing right now is putting my hand through the screen and ripping your fucking dicks off from your computer screen while shoving it down your neck. Don't worry, you'll live the taste of cock you homosexual pieces of shit. Can I ask you something? Why are you so determined to shit up FGG? What do you gain from it? Do you just turn on your computer after masturbating to your weeaboo comics and just decide to go on FGG and fuck it up with this retarded bullshit? Fuck off. Just die. I'm actually fucking serious here. It isn't some empty insult. I actually want you morons to just suffer and DIE. It's the only way to stop this retard infestation we got on FGG right now.


What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to t